[HUMMING]
AHH. JACKPOT.
HA!
THESE CARDS ARE JUST
WHAT I'M LOOKIN' FOR!
HEH HEH HEH.
Man on radio:
WE'VE GOT REPORTS
OF A SUSPICIOUS PERSON
OUT BY THE IMPOUND LOT.
LOOKS LIKE SOME
UNDERGROUND DUELER
MIGHT BE TRYING TO GET
HIS DECK BACK.
UNIT FIVE-NINER
EN ROUTE.
WHOA! LOOKS LIKE OUR
"SUSPICIOUS PERSON'S"
GOT SOME STYLE!
I'VE NEVER SEEN
A DUEL RUNNER LIKE
THIS, BEFORE, PARTNER!
[THINKING]
NOW THIS IS A CRIME:
KEEPIN' SWEET CARDS
LIKE THESE LOCKED UP IN HERE,
WHILE PLAYERS BACK HOME
CAN'T EVEN MAKE UP
A DECENT DECK!
CHECK IT OUT.
OOH! UGH!
NOW THAT'S AN ALARM!
WELL WHOEVER'S
BIKE THIS IS,
IT'S SECTOR
SECURITY'S NOW.
HEH. CROW, THE SATELLITE'S
GONNA LOVE YA FOR THIS!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Goodwin: HOW DO YOU LIKE
THE BRIDGE, YUSEI?
DID YOU KNOW THAT IT WAS
ONCE GOING TO CONNECT
THE SATELLITE
WITH NEW DOMINO CITY?
SO WHY WAS IT
NEVER FINISHED?
HMM. I'M GLAD YOU ASKED.
YOU SEE, IF THE CONSTRUCTION
OF THIS BRIDGE WAS
EVER COMPLETED,
IT WOULD HAVE GIVEN
THE EVIL THAT LIVES DEEP
BENEATH THE SATELLITE
ACCESS TO MY PRECIOUS
NEW DOMINO CITY.
AND THE BATTLE THAT IS
ABOUT TO BEGIN MUST NEVER
REACH THESE SHORES.
BUT WHAT ABOUT
THE PEOPLE IN
THE SATELLITE?
THEY WILL BECOME
ENVELOPED IN
ETERNAL DARKNESS
UNLESS SOMEONE
CAN SAVE THEM.
SO WHY AREN'T
YOU USING THE POWER
YOU POSSESS
TO GET THEM OUT
OF THERE?
I CAN'T DO THAT.
BUT WHY?
BECAUSE AS LONG AS
THE PEOPLE IN THE SATELLITE
REMAIN THERE,
THE DARKNESS WILL
STAY AS WELL.
BUT WHY WOULD YOU
PUT THE PEOPLE
OF THE SATELLITE
AT RISK?
YUSEI, THE TIME HAS
COME FOR ME TO TELL
YOU THE TRUTH.
OH, MAN! THIS RUNNER'S
GONNA LOOK SWEET
IN MY GARAGE...
UM, I MEAN
THE "IMPOUND CENTER."
LOOKS LIKE SECTOR
SECURITY IS EARLIER
THAN USUAL.
TIME TO MAKE MY EXIT.
HMM.
BUT I DON'T THINK
THE AIR VENTS
ARE GONNA WORK THIS TIME.
LOOKS LIKE ITS PLAN "B."
HMM.
SWEET. PLAN B'S
MY FAVORITE! HA!
[ALARM BLARING]
AN INTRUDER!
I'M PATCHING IN
SURVEILLANCE NOW!
HE'S NOT IN
THE MONEY VAULTS.
TRY DECK STORAGE!
THERE! WE'VE GOT HIM!
LOCK 'IM IN!
SHUT DOWN ALL
THE ELEVATORS!
ATTENTION!
THERE'S NO WAY OUT!
SURRENDER NOW!
Man: THERE HE IS!
STOP RUNNING
AND DROP TO THE FLOOR!
OH, I'LL DROP TO
THE FLOOR ALRIGHT!
THE GROUND FLOOR,
THAT IS!
HA HA HA!
UNH! UNH!
TIME TO RIDE!
THANKS FOR KEEPING
AN EYE ON HER,
BUT ME 'N MY RIDE
GOTTA TAKE OFF NOW!
TRY TO KEEP UP IF
YA CAN, OFFICERS.
CLOSE THE SECURITY
GATE FAST!
IT'S GONNA BE CLOSE.
AHH!
OHH!
HA!
JUST TRY TO KEEP UP!
HE'S GETTING AWAY!
IF THIS GUY
ESCAPES AGAIN,
THE CAPTAIN'S
GONNA MAKE ME
A CROSSING GUARD!
AND AIN'T GOING
BACK TO SCHOOL,
SO IF THIS PUNK
WANTS TO SPEED,
I'LL MAKE HIM DO IT
WITH HIS DECK:
I ACTIVATE
SPEED WORLD!
NOW THERE'S NO WAY
OUTTA HERE
WITHOUT A DUEL!
Computer: OVERRIDING
SUSPECT'S DUEL RUNNER.
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
AUTOPILOT ENGAGED.
HA! A SPEED DUEL?!
YOU GUYS REALLY
DON'T KNOW WHO
YOU'RE DEALING
WITH DO YOU,
BUT I GUESS YOU'RE GOING
TO HAVE TO FIND OUT
THE HARD WAY!
WHEN YOUR BOSS ASKS YOU
WHO BEAT YOU TONIGHT,
TELL 'EM IT WAS CROW.
LET'S DUEL!
Crow: YOU'LL NEVER
BEAT ME, COPPER!
OH, I'LL BEAT YOU,
AND THEN IT'S STRAIGHT
TO THE FACILITY!!
LET'S DO THIS!
AND IT'S MY MOVE, CROW!
I SUMMON GATE BLOCKER
IN DEFENSE MODE!
NEXT UP I'M PLAYING
THREE FACEDOWNS
AND ENDING MY TURN!
THEN IT'S MY MOVE?
HMPH. HEY!
MY SPEED COUNTERS!
THEY'RE STUCK AT ONE!
YOU LEARN QUICK,
PERP!
WITH GATE BLOCKER
OUT THERE,
YOUR DUEL RUNNER'S
STUCK IN NEUTRAL,
WHICH MEANS THAT
YOUR SPEED COUNTERS
ARE ALL LOCKED UP!
NICE MONSTER!
NOW, I THINK I'LL
SHOW YA MINE!
[THINKING]
GO AHEAD!
YOU DON'T GET
TO BE ONE OF
NEW DOMINO CITY'S FINEST
UNLESS YOU
KNOW HOW TO DUEL!
I GOT THREE CARDS
WAITING TO TAKE
HIM DOWN.
FIRST UP:
SAKURETSU ARMOR!
THIS PIECE OF HARDWARE
TAKES OUT HIS MONSTER
AS SOON AS IT ATTACKS!
FACEDOWN NUMBER TWO:
DUST TORNADO!
THIS'LL BLOW AWAY
HIS SPELLS AND TRAPS.
AND FINALLY NUMBER
THREE: INTERCEPT!
AS SOON AS HE RELEASES
A MONSTER TO UPGRADE
TO SOMETHING BIGGER,
IT COMES OVER TO
MY SIDE OF THE FIELD!
SO NO MATTER WHAT MOVE
HE TRIES TO MAKE,
HE'LL NEVER OUTRUN
THE LONG ARM OF THE LAW!
HEY, CROW!
HOW DOES IT FEEL
KNOWING YOU'RE GONNA
BE A JAIL BIRD AFTER
THE NEXT ROUND!
DOUBT IT! CAUSE I'M
PLAYING BLACKWING-
SIROCCO THE DAWN! HA!
[GROWL]
Computer: YOU CAN SPECIAL SUMMON
THE MONSTER CARD
BLACKWING-SIROCCO
THE DAWN FROM YOUR HAND
WHEN YOUR OPPONENT HAS
MONSTERS ON THEIR FIELD
BUT YOU HAVE NONE.
I'M GONNA GROUND
THAT PIECE 'A
POULTRY PERMANENTLY!
DON'T THINK SO,
OFFICER...
CAUSE NOW I'M SUMMONING:
BLACKWING-GALE
THE WHIRLWIND!
AND NOW THAT I HAVE THOSE
TWO FEATHERED FRIENDS
IN PLAY, THERE'S ONLY
ONE THING LEFT TO DO.
I SUMMON ANOTHER
BLACKWING TO THE FIELD
CALLED BORA THE SPEAR!
GUESS WHEN I CALLED
YOU A BIRD BRAIN,
I WAS RIGHT!
YOU SEE, THOSE THREE
BIRDS ARE WORTHLESS;
THEY'RE ALL TOO WEAK
TO GET THROUGH MY
GATE BLOCKER!
REALLY, BUT WHAT IF
I HATCH ONE OF THEIR
SPECIAL ABILITIES?
BLACKWING WHIRLWIND,
CUT HIS MONSTERS DEFENSE
POINTS IN HALF!
GUESS THEY DON'T TEACH
THAT AT THE POLICE ACADEMY!
WHIRLWIND, DO YOUR STUFF!
AND NOW, I'LL ACTIVATE
A TRAP FROM MY HAND!
AND THIS ONE GOES
BY DELTA CROW ANTI REVERSE!
FROM YOUR HAND?!
YOU CAN'T DO THAT!
I CAN WHEN I HAVE THREE
BLACKWINGS ON MY FIELD!
AFTER ALL, BIRDS OF
A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER,
AND YOU'RE ON THE WRONG SIDE
OF THE NEST!
NOW MY DELTA CROW
DESTROYS ALL THE CARDS
THAT ARE ON YOUR FIELD!
NO WAY!
AAH!
AND NOW, LET'S
CHECK OUT SIROCCO'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
INSTEAD OF ALL THREE
OF MY BLACKWINGS
ATTACKING ONE AT A TIME,
SIROCCO COMBINES
THEIR ATTACK POINTS
FOR ONE MASTER BLAST!
OH, AND IF YOUR CAPTAIN
ASKS HOW THIS
"BIRD BRAIN" TOOK OUT
HIS SECTOR SECURITY SAPS
IN ONE ROUND, JUST TELL
HIM I DID IT WITH A MOVE
I LEARNED FROM MY LAST
STAY AT THE FACILITY.
F-FIVE THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS?!
AND NEXT I'M ACTIVATING
MY BORA'S SPECIAL ABILITY
WHICH WILL SWOOP IN
AND SWIPE THE LAST
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
LOOKS LIKE THIS JAIL BIRD
IS ABOUT TO SPROUT SOME
WINGS AND FLY OFF
INTO THE SUNSET!
GO, BLACK SPIRAL BEAR!
[GROANING]
HA!
DO SOMETHING!
HE'S GETTING AWAY!
NOT UNLESS
HE CAN FLY!
HA!
NO WAY! HE'S GONNA FALL
RIGHT OFF THE EDGE!
IT'S TIME THIS CROW
SPREAD ITS WINGS.
Computer: WINGS ENGAGED!
TAKE OFF!
HE'S FLYIN'!
WE NEED BACK-UP!
CALL THE CAPTAIN!
OH, SURE, PAL.
AND YOU WANNA TELL'IM
WHAT JUST HAPPENED?!
THAT HE GOT AWAY?!
GO AHEAD!
GOOD POINT.
LET'S JUST PRETEND
THIS NEVER HAPPENED.
WHAT?
EXACTLY.
[TYPING]
[GROANING]
OH, MAN?
WHERE EXACTLY AM I?
WHAT HAPPENED
IN HERE, HUH?
I WAS HOPING YOU
COULD TELL ME, TRUDGE.
I CAME TO FIND JACK,
AND THEN I FORGET.
WELL, YOU "FOUND" JACK
ALRIGHT, JUST LOOK.
AT WHAT? HUH?
YOU WERE DUELING.
THAT'S ME!
YES, GENIUS.
AND NOW JACK'S
GONE MISSING.
WE HAVE TO FIND HIM
BEFORE SOMETHING
HAPPENS.
WAIT! YOU CAN'T THINK
I HAD SOMETHING TO DO
WITH HIM VANISHING!
AND WHY WOULD I?
COULD IT BE THAT YOU
TWO WERE DUELING
IN AN ILLEGAL MATCH
THAT TURNED THIS
HOSPITAL
INTO A WAR ZONE?!
WELL, WHEN YOU
PUT IT THAT WAY.
Boy: TAG! YOU'RE IT!
Girl: OH, COME ON,
I'M ALWAYS IT!
GOTTA LEARN
TO RUN FASTER!
LOOK IT'S CROW!
HE'S BACK!
WHA'D YOU BRING US?
I WANNA SEE!
FIRST, HAVE ALL
YOU KIDS BEEN GOOD?
Kids: YEAH!
WELL IN THAT CASE...
TA-DAA!
WOWWWW!
THANKS, CROW!
THEY'RE GREAT!
ARE THEY OURS?
LIKE FOR KEEPS?
EV'RY KID NEEDS
A DUEL DECK!
AND UNCLE CROW JUST
FOUND THESE LYING AROUND!
JUST PROMISE THAT
YOU WON'T LET
SECTOR SECURITY SEE YOU
PLAYIN' WITH THESE CARDS.
CAUSE IF YOU DO, THEN
THEY MIGHT JUST COME
LOOKING FOR THIS FACE.
BUT I PROMISE THAT ONE
DAY SECTOR SECURITY
WON'T BOTHER US NO MORE!
Kids: YEAH!
Computer:
WELCOME HOME, CROW.
HAVE YOU SEEN THE NEWS.
YUSEI FUDO WON
THE FORTUNE CUP.
HE DEFEATED JACK ATLAS.
HE IS THE NEW CHAMPION.
HMM. LOOKS LIKE ALL
OF THE RUMORS ARE TRUE THEN.
HUH. NOW IF YUSEI COULD
MAKE IT TO THE CITY,
WHY COULDN'T I?
YOU SAID YOU'D
TELL ME THE TRUTH?
WHY DON'T WE
START WITH THIS?
THAT IS THE MARK
OF THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
IT BELONGS TO THOSE
WHO PROTECT OUR WORLD
FROM THE DARKNESS.
OH IS THAT ALL?
THEN WHY DID IT
CHOOSE ME, HUH?!
BECAUSE YOU ARE STRONG
AND SELFLESS, YUSEI,
THE DRAGON KNEW YOU WOULD
NOT RUN FROM A CHALLENGE
OR FROM THE DARKNESS
THAT IS COMING.
AND THIS DARKNESS
IS DANGEROUS.
IT WILL TAKE
ON MANY FORMS,
IT MAY BE A STRANGER
OR A FRIEND,
BUT YOU WILL KNOW
FOR THEY WILL HAVE
THE MARK OF THE SHADOWS.
"MARK
OF THE SHADOWS?!"
YOU MUST MEAN
THE DARK SIGNERS!
I DUELED ONE
OF THEIR DRONES!
AND HE HAD A GLOWING
SPIDER ON HIS ARM!
THEN THE FIRST BATTLE
OF THIS WAR HAS
ALREADY BEEN WON.
JUST AS YOU WERE CHOSEN
TO PROTECT THE LIGHT,
THEY CHOOSE TO
PROTECT THE DARKNESS.
THEY WILL STOP AT NOTHING
TO STOP YOU YUSEI.
"DARK SIGNERS?!"
"CHOSEN PROTECTORS?!"
BUT WHEN DID
ALL THIS START!
PERHAPS WE SHOULD GO
BACK TO THE BEGINNING,
5,000 YEARS AGO
WHEN THE WAR BEGAN.
NOW WE'RE
GETTING SOMEWHERE.
TELL ME.
THERE WERE TWO
GREAT ARMIES...
ONE OF SHADOW
AND ONE OF LIGHT.
THEY BATTLED ACROSS
THE FACE OF THE EARTH,
NEARLY DESTROYING
THE WHOLE PLANET.
THE ARMY OF LIGHT WASN'T
AN ARMY OF MEN AND STEEL,
BUT OF DRAGONS,
FIVE POWERFUL CREATURES
THAT HAD SWORN TO PROTECT
THE EARTH AT ALL COSTS.
THEY FOUGHT
THE ARMY OF SHADOWS,
COMPRISED OF OTHER CREATURES,
UNKNOWN EXCEPT
FOR THE SCARS
THEY LEFT ON THE SOIL.
[MOANING]
Goodwin: THE ARMIES HAD GATHERED
FOR ONE FINAL BATTLE.
THE DRAGONS KNEW THEY
HAD NOT THE INDIVIDUAL
STRENGTH TO WIN,
SO THEY COMBINED THEIR POWER
INTO A SINGLE FORCE:
THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
THE CREATURES OF THE SHADOWS
FOUGHT FIERCELY,
BUT THEY WERE NO MATCH
FOR THE COMBINED MIGHT
OF THE DRAGONS
AND THEIR CRIMSON HERO.
[ROARING]
EVENTUALLY, THE ARMY
OF SHADOWS WAS DEFEATED,
BUT NOT DESTROYED.
INSTEAD, ITS ESSENCE
WAS TRAPPED DEEP
BENEATH THE EARTH
TAKING WITH THEM ONE PRISONER,
THE ANCIENT FAIRY DRAGON.
[ROARS]
[MOANS]
THE CREATURES OF THE SHADOWS
WERE IMPRISONED
UNDER THE NAZCA LINES,
BUT THE DRAGONS KNEW
THAT ONE DAY
THEY MIGHT RETURN.
AND SO THEY SACRIFICED
THEMSELVES,
INSTILLING THE POWER
OF THE FIVE DRAGONS
IN GENERATION AFTER
GENERATION OF HUMANS,
HOPING THAT MAYBE
THE CRIMSON DRAGON
COULD BE SUMMONED AGAIN.
YOU HAVE THE SPIRIT
OF A DRAGON IN YOU, YUSEI,
JUST AS THE DARK
SIGNERS ARE POSSESSED
BY THE GROWING POWER
OF THE ARMY OF SHADOWS.
BUT HOW?
AND WHY NOW?!
I... I THOUGHT THEY
WERE TRAPPED
UNDER THE GROUND
OR SOMETHING!
IT'S BEEN
5,000 YEARS!
IT WAS SOMETHING WE
COULDN'T POSSIBLY PREDICT
THAT WOULD HAPPEN.
TELL ME, HAVE YOU HEARD
OF THE ENER-D REACTOR?
IT WAS BUILT TO ABSORB
THE POSITIVE ENERGY
CREATED THROUGH DUELING.
BUT TO CREATE
A BETTER FUTURE,
WE HAD TO TAKE RISKS
IN THE PAST.
YEARS AGO,
A PROTOTYPE WAS BUILT.
IT WAS KEPT
DEEP UNDERGROUND,
BELOW THE SLUMS
OF THE SATELLITE.
Our GOAL WAS TO HARNESS
THE INCREDIBLE ENERGY
CREATED THROUGH
THE COMPETITION OF DUELING
AND USE IT AS
A POSITIVE FORCE.
IMAGINE: POWERING ALL
OF NEW DOMINO CITY
WITH JUST A PACK OF CARDS.
WE WOULD BE
A BEACON FOR THE WORLD!
BUT THEN
SOMETHING HAPPENED.
INSTEAD OF RELEASING
USEFUL, POSITIVE ENERGY,
THE FIRST ENER-D REACTOR
HAD A MELTDOWN.
NEGATIVE ENERGY ERUPTED
AND SPLIT NEW DOMINO
CITY IN TWO.
EVERYTHING ABOVE
THE REACTOR WAS
INFUSED WITH THIS
NEGATIVE ENERGY.
IT BECAME A BARREN
WASTELAND OF DEPRESSION.
IT BECAME THE SATELLITE.
BUT THE TROUBLES
DIDN'T END THERE.
THE BURST OF NEGATIVE ENERGY
WAS SO STRONG,
THE SURFACE
OF THE EARTH TREMBLED.
AND SOMETHING DEEP
BENEATH IT WAS AWOKEN.
THE ARMY OF SHADOWS!
EXACTLY. THEY FED
ON THE NEGATIVE ENERGY,
GROWING IN POWER
UNTIL NOW,
WHEN THEY WERE STRONG
ENOUGH TO CONTINUE
THEIR WAR.
WE CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN.
I KNOW THIS MUST
ALL COME AS A SHOCK,
BUT I PROMISE YOU
THAT MY GRIEF IS
EVEN WORSE THAN
YOU COULD IMAGINE.
AFTER ALL, I WAS IN
FAVOR OF ITS CREATION.
I THOUGHT IT
WOULD HELP PEOPLE.
BUT LOW AND BEHOLD
THE POWER OF THIS REACTOR
HAS SPARKED A WAR
BETWEEN THE SIGNERS
AND THE FORCES
OF DARKNESS.
BUT I KNOW
HOW TO END IT.
AND I'M GOING TO
NEED YOUR HELP.
THAT DUEL TOURNAMENT
WASN'T HELD JUST FOR FUN.
I HAD SOME SUSPICIONS
WHO THE SIGNERS
MIGHT BE AND THAT
TOURNAMENT PROVED IT.
NOW THAT I'VE
GATHERED YOU ALL TOGETHER,
YOU CAN COMBINE
YOUR STRENGTH
AND DEFEAT
THE DARK SIGNERS...
THOSE WHO ARE TRYING TO
OPEN THE EARTHEN PRISON
OF THE SHADOW ARMY.
AND IF WE CAN'T
AND THEY RELEASE
THE "SHADOWS."
IF THAT SHOULD HAPPEN,
WELL, YOU'VE ALREADY SEEN
A GLIMPSE OF OUR FATE
DURING YOUR
DUEL WITH JACK.
DO YOU REMEMBER?
I CAN'T GET IT
OUT OF MY HEAD.
THE SATELLITE
WAS DESTROYED.
CAN'T WE EVACUATE?
GET ALL THE PEOPLE
TO SAFETY?
I GOT FRIENDS THAT ARE
STUCK THERE, GOODWIN!
WHERE WOULD
YOU TAKE THEM?
SATELLITE'S FIRST.
THEN NEW DOMINO
WOULD BE NEXT.
THE PLANET WILL BE
REDUCED TO ASH,
BUT THE FIRST BATTLE
MUST TAKE PLACE
IN THE SATELLITE!
THAT'S WHERE THIS
NEGATIVE ENERGY ORIGINATED,
AND THAT'S WHERE IT
MUST BE STOPPED.
WHAT AM I TO DO?!
AM I SUPPOSED TO BEAT
THIS ARMY OF SHADOWS
ON MY OWN?!
AM I SUPPOSED
TO PUT THE SAFETY
OF ALL MY FRIENDS
IN MY DECK?!
THE PEOPLE NEED
A HERO, YUSEI!
BE THAT HERO!
DEFEAT THE DARK SIGNERS.
OR LET THEM TAKE OVER.
THE CHOICE IS YOURS.
WHAT'S IT GOING TO BE?
I'LL TAKE THESE
SIGNERS ON.
BUT WAIT.
YOU SAID THERE'S
FIVE OF US, DIDN'T YOU?
I'M ONLY COUNTING
FOUR SIGNERS.
WHO'S THE FIFTH?
I'M STILL WORKING
ON THAT, YUSEI.
BUT I'M SURE
THEY'LL SHOW UP.
FOR NOW, LET'S GET YOU
BACK TO THE SATELLITE.
DON'T LET
THE WORLD DOWN, YUSEI.
AND HERE IS WHERE
THE AWAKENING BEGAN.
CAN YOU FEEL IT, BROTHERS?
THE NEGATIVE ENERGY
FLOWING THROUGH THE LAND?
SOON, THE SATELLITE
WILL FALL TO THE ARMY
OF SHADOWS...
AND THEN
THE WORLD WILL FOLLOW!
HA HA HA
HA HA HA!
[GRUNTING]
HUH?
WHAT HAPP'NED?
IT'S MY AND...
AND... AND... AND... AND MY...
TURN!
THE HOSPITAL,
THE DUEL!
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
IF YOU SAY SO, JACK,
WE'LL... DRAW!
HUH? THE DOOR.
HELLO? WHAT'S
HE DOING HERE?!
HE'S FINE.
IF IT MEANS ANYTHING,
UM, I WASN'T EXACTLY
"MYSELF" BACK
AT THE HOSPITAL.
I SAID HE'S
FINE NOW.
WE'RE NOT HERE
FOR YOU ANYWAY.
WE WANT TO KNOW
WHERE JACK IS.
JACK?!
HE CAMERAS CAUGHT
YOU LEAVING, 'KAY?
HE'S HERE.
SO HAND HIM
OVER OR ELSE!
Jack: THERE'S NOT GOING TO
BE ANY "OR ELSE," MINA.
SHE SAVED ME BACK THERE.
SAVED YOU?!
I-I'M SORRY.
LET'S...
LET'S GO HOME.
I'M SURE GOODWIN
IS SO WORRIED...
ABOUT ANYTHING ELSE.
I LOST!
I'M NOT
THE CHAMP ANYMORE.
I'M JUST...
A GREAT DUELIST.
YOU MEAN I WAS, MINA.
JUST GO.
I'M STAYING HERE.
BUT...
NO "BUTS!"
I'M DONE BEING "TOLD."
BY GOODWIN, BY ANYONE!
JUST LEAVE ME ALONE.
AND TELL
GOODWIN GOOD-BYE.
[CARLY SIGHS]
[THINKING]
HE'S STAYING HERE.
WITH ME!
WHAT A SCOOP!
"YOUNG BLOGGER FINDS
LOVE WITH EX-CHAMP!"
NAH. TOO TABLOID:
HOW 'BOUT:
"SUMMONING
THE LOVE CARD!"
FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH,
I STILL THINK YOU'RE
THE CHAMP.
HAVE FUN WITH
YOUR NEW "FRIEND."
WELL, UM, LOOK
AT THE TIME!
GOTTA GO!
[THINKING]
WELL THAT
WAS AWKWARD!
BUT AT LEAST NOW I GOT
JACK ALL TO MYSELF!
OH, HA HA HA!
LISTEN. I WANT TO
THANK YOU FOR
ALL YOUR HELP
GETTING ME OUT
OF THAT HOSPITAL,
BUT I WANNA BE ALONE
RIGHT NOW, SHIRLEY.
UM, IT'S CARLY.
Man: WE'RE APPROACHING
THE SATELLITE.
OPENING CARGO HATCH.
PREPARE FOR DROP OFF.
T-MINUS SECONDS
AND COUNTING.
10-9-8-7-6-
5-4-3-2-1.
CARGO DEPLOYED.
Crow: NICE LANDING.
HUH? WHO'S THAT?
CROW?!
YOU GOT A LOT A NERVE
COMING BACK HERE.